Adjust docs for Loki removal (#251)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/02-logs.md

2. Fluent Bit runs as a [DaemonSet](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/) (one instance per node), detects any new log files in the folder, and tails them using a filesystem buffer for reliability.
3. Fluent Bit queries the [Kubernetes API Server](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kube-apiserver/) for additional Pod metadata, such as Pod annotations and labels.
4. The Telemetry module configures Fluent Bit with your custom output configuration.
5. As specified in your LogPipeline configuration, Fluent Bit sends the log data to observability systems outside or inside the Kyma cluster. Here, you can use the integration with HTTP to integrate a system directly or with an additional Fluentd installation.

> 6. The user accesses the internal and external observability system to analyze and visualize the logs.

Reviewer: Is "the user" someone else than the "you" we address in the previous step?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. To analyze and visualize your logs, access the internal and external observability system.
```

Reviewer: wait, internal AND external? Or rather "or" ?

Author: The user can have only an internal observability system or only an external observability system or both. But I think "or" here fits better so I changed it.
